Hello. For the next section in recurrent neural networks,
I am very excited to introduce you to my colleague Ortal.
Hi Luis.
Hi Ortal. Talking to us from the academic world.
She has a Ph.D. in computer engineering and spent years as
a university professor and researcher in
the field of applied cryptography and embedded platforms.
She also worked on the design and analysis of
intelligent algorithms for high speed custom digital architectures.
Thank you Luis. Hi everyone.
I'm so happy to be here.
I got into machine learning through my research in embedded systems.
Since then, I've developed a passion for deep learning and in
particular recurrent neural networks or RNNs in short.
RNNs are widely used in many applications such as speech recognition,
machine translation and video analysis.
In this lesson, Luis and I will be breaking down
these concepts for you and teaching you how such systems work.
Ready to go?